MIT License

Copyright (c) 2024 TrafficFlowOpt Contributors

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

===============================================================================

THIRD-PARTY LICENSES AND ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

This project includes or depends on third-party software components with their
own license terms:

1. JAX - Apache License 2.0
   Copyright 2018 Google LLC
   https://github.com/google/jax

2. NumPy - BSD 3-Clause License
   Copyright 2005-2024, NumPy Developers
   https://numpy.org/

3. Matplotlib - Python Software Foundation License
   Copyright 2002-2024 John D. Hunter, Darren Dale, Eric Firing, Michael Droettboom
   https://matplotlib.org/

4. Plotly.js - MIT License
   Copyright 2020 Plotly, Inc.
   https://plotly.com/javascript/

5. Chart.js - MIT License
   Copyright 2014-2024 Chart.js Contributors
   https://www.chartjs.org/

6. Leaflet - BSD 2-Clause License
   Copyright 2010-2024, Vladimir Agafonkin
   https://leafletjs.com/

7. Font Awesome - SIL OFL 1.1 License (icons), MIT License (code)
   https://fontawesome.com/

DATA SOURCES AND ATTRIBUTION

This project uses real traffic data from the following public sources:

1. Austin Open Data Portal
   - Source: City of Austin Transportation Department
   - License: Public Domain / Open Data
   - URL: https://data.austintexas.gov/

2. Chicago Data Portal
   - Source: City of Chicago
   - License: Public Domain / Open Data
   - URL: https://data.cityofchicago.org/

3. NYC Open Data (when available)
   - Source: New York City Department of Transportation
   - License: Public Domain / Open Data
   - URL: https://opendata.cityofnewyork.us/

4. Seattle Open Data (when available)
   - Source: Seattle Department of Transportation
   - License: Public Domain / Open Data
   - URL: https://data.seattle.gov/

All traffic data used in this project is obtained from public APIs and open
data portals. No proprietary or restricted data is used.

RESEARCH AND ACADEMIC USE

If you use this software for research or academic purposes, please cite:

TrafficFlowOpt: A Real-World Traffic Optimization System Using JAX and C++20
GitHub Repository: https://github.com/[username]/TrafficFlowOpt
Year: 2024

DISCLAIMER

This software is provided for educational and research purposes. While it uses
real traffic data, the optimization recommendations should be validated by
qualified traffic engineers before implementation in production traffic
management systems.

The authors and contributors are not responsible for any consequences arising
from the use of this software in actual traffic management scenarios.